obsidian/modules/README.md, before:

# Project Obsidian Built-in Plugins/Modules List

## Core Modules
- `core` - Core module, required by all other modules

## Libraries / Utilities
- `nbtlib` - NBT Library, used for reading and writing NBT files
- `classicubeapi` - Classicube API Library, used for interfacing with the Classicube API for server heartbeat and authentication

## Official Modules
- `classicworld` - Adds support for the classicworld format
- `worldconvert` - World conversion module, converts worlds from one format to another

# CPE Modules
- `clickdistance` - Adds support for the ClickDistance CPE
- `heldblock` - Adds support for the HeldBlock CPE
- `emotefix` - Adds support for the EmoteFix CPE
- `texthotkey` - Adds support for the TextHotKey CPE
- `selectioncuboid` - Adds support for the SelectionCuboid CPE
- `playerclick` - Adds support for the PlayerClick CPE

## Quality of Life Modules
- `liquidplace` - Allows placements of liquids in the world without cheats

## Community Modules
TODO - Add community modules here

Commit message:

Add basic support for two way ping

obsidian/modules/README.md, after:

# Project Obsidian Built-in Plugins/Modules List

## Core Modules
- `core` - Core module, required by all other modules

## Libraries / Utilities
- `nbtlib` - NBT Library, used for reading and writing NBT files
- `classicubeapi` - Classicube API Library, used for interfacing with the Classicube API for server heartbeat and authentication

## Official Modules
- `classicworld` - Adds support for the classicworld format
- `worldconvert` - World conversion module, converts worlds from one format to another

# CPE Modules
- `clickdistance` - Adds support for the ClickDistance CPE
- `heldblock` - Adds support for the HeldBlock CPE
- `emotefix` - Adds support for the EmoteFix CPE
- `texthotkey` - Adds support for the TextHotKey CPE
- `selectioncuboid` - Adds support for the SelectionCuboid CPE
- `playerclick` - Adds support for the PlayerClick CPE
- `longermessages` - Adds support for the LongerMessages CPE
- `twowayping` - Adds support for the TwoWayPing CPE

## Quality of Life Modules
- `liquidplace` - Allows placements of liquids in the world without cheats

## Community Modules
TODO - Add community modules here
